README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img height=250px src="icon.png" alt="Fancy-gradient Logo">
</div>

[![ci](https://github.com/Nikoloutsos/fancy-gradient/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Nikoloutsos/fancy-gradient/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/FancyGradient.svg?style=flat)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/FancyGradient.svg?style=flat)
[![Swift 5.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://swift.org/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

FancyGradient is a UIView subclass which let's you animate gradients in your iOS app. It is purely written in Swift.

![Example](/docs/demoFancyGradient.gif)


# Quickstart

Static gradient
```swift
let fancyView = FancyGradientView(colors: [UIColor.black, UIColor.orange],
                                  direction: .down,
                                  type: .axial)
view.addSubview(fancyView)
```

Animate your fancyView
```swift
// Animate the colors
fancyView.animate(newColors: [UIColor.red, UIColor.black], duration: 4)

// Animate the direction
fancyView.animate(newDirection: .left, duration: 4)
```

Be imaginative and come up with your animations 🌈
```swift
let myCustomAnimation = CustomAnimation()
            .then(EmptyAnimation(duration: 1)) // Delay 1 second
            .then(ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.blue, UIColor.cyan], duration: 3)) // Color animation
            .then(ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.cyan, UIColor.blue], duration: 3)) // Another color animation after previous finished
            .then(ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.purple, UIColor.blue, UIColor.black], duration: 3))
            .then(DirectionAnimation(newDirection: .down, duration: 2))
fancyView.animate(animation: myCustomAnimation)
```


# Installation

## Cocoapods


[CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is a dependency manager which integrates dependencies into your Xcode workspace. To install it using [RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/) run:

```bash
gem install cocoapods
```

To install FancyGradient using Cocoapods, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod "FancyGradient"
```

Then run the command:

```bash
pod install
```

For more information [see here](https://cocoapods.org/#getstarted).

# CustomAnimation
Custom animation supports almost every complex animations.

```swift
let myCustomAnimation = CustomAnimation(animID: "myAnimationID")
        .then(EmptyAnimation(duration: 1)) // Delay 1 second
        .then(
            CombineAnimation( // Run Direction and Color animation at the same time.(combine them)
                DirectionAnimation(newDirection: .right, duration: 1),
                ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.black, UIColor.green], duration: 3)
            )
        )
        .then(DirectionAnimation(newDirection: .right, duration: 2))
        .then(DirectionAnimation(newDirection: .diagonalBottomLeftTopRight, duration: 2))
    fancyView.animate(animation: myCustomAnimation)
```

| Types  | Explanation |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| DirectionAnimation  | Animate gradient Direction |
| ColorAnimation  | Animate gradient colors |
| ColorStopsAnimation  | Animate the location of each gradient color stop|
| EmptyAnimation  | Does nothing. Useful for adding delay |
| CombineAnimation  | Combine 2 or more animations to start simultaneously |



# FancyGradientViewDelegate
Provide an implementation of FancyGradientViewDelegate to inform you when animation finished.

```swift
fancyView.delegate = self
```

```swift
extension ViewController: FancyGradientViewDelegate {
    func animationDidFinished(animId: String) {
        print("Finished animation \(animId)")
        // Tip: here you can show other UI elements after fisnished animation.
    }
}
```


and then
```swift

let myCustomAnimation = CustomAnimation(animID: "myAnimationID")
            .then(EmptyAnimation(duration: 1)) // Delay 1 second
            .then(ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.blue, UIColor.cyan], duration: 3)) // Color animation after the delay
            .then(ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.cyan, UIColor.blue], duration: 3)) // Another color animation after previous finished
            
fancyView.animate(animation: myCustomAnimation)
```

Commit message:

feat: Change CI, project structure to support SPM (#16)
* Change CI, project structure to support SPM

* Style package.swift

* Update readme

Co-authored-by: Konstantinos Nikoloutsos <konstantinos.nikoloutsos@vodafone.com>

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img height=250px src="icon.png" alt="Fancy-gradient Logo">
</div>

[![ci](https://github.com/Nikoloutsos/fancy-gradient/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Nikoloutsos/fancy-gradient/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/FancyGradient.svg?style=flat)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/FancyGradient.svg?style=flat)
[![Swift 5.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://swift.org/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

FancyGradient is a UIView subclass which let's you animate gradients in your iOS app. It is purely written in Swift.

![Example](/docs/demoFancyGradient.gif)


# Quickstart

Static gradient
```swift
let fancyView = FancyGradientView(colors: [UIColor.black, UIColor.orange],
                                  direction: .down,
                                  type: .axial)
view.addSubview(fancyView)
```

Animate your fancyView
```swift
// Animate the colors
fancyView.animate(newColors: [UIColor.red, UIColor.black], duration: 4)

// Animate the direction
fancyView.animate(newDirection: .left, duration: 4)
```

Be imaginative and come up with your animations 🌈
```swift
let myCustomAnimation = CustomAnimation()
            .then(EmptyAnimation(duration: 1)) // Delay 1 second
            .then(ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.blue, UIColor.cyan], duration: 3)) // Color animation
            .then(ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.cyan, UIColor.blue], duration: 3)) // Another color animation after previous finished
            .then(ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.purple, UIColor.blue, UIColor.black], duration: 3))
            .then(DirectionAnimation(newDirection: .down, duration: 2))
fancyView.animate(animation: myCustomAnimation)
```


# Installation

## Cocoapods


[CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is a dependency manager which integrates dependencies into your Xcode workspace. To install it using [RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/) run:

```bash
gem install cocoapods
```

To install FancyGradient using Cocoapods, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod "FancyGradient"
```

Then run the command:

```bash
pod install
```

For more information [see here](https://cocoapods.org/#getstarted).

## Swift Package Manager

Swift Package Manager is a dependency manager built right into Xcode.
From the File menu, add a new Swift Package dependency to your project and paste in this project's Git URL.

# CustomAnimation
Custom animation supports almost every complex animations.

```swift
let myCustomAnimation = CustomAnimation(animID: "myAnimationID")
        .then(EmptyAnimation(duration: 1)) // Delay 1 second
        .then(
            CombineAnimation( // Run Direction and Color animation at the same time.(combine them)
                DirectionAnimation(newDirection: .right, duration: 1),
                ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.black, UIColor.green], duration: 3)
            )
        )
        .then(DirectionAnimation(newDirection: .right, duration: 2))
        .then(DirectionAnimation(newDirection: .diagonalBottomLeftTopRight, duration: 2))
    fancyView.animate(animation: myCustomAnimation)
```

| Types  | Explanation |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| DirectionAnimation  | Animate gradient Direction |
| ColorAnimation  | Animate gradient colors |
| ColorStopsAnimation  | Animate the location of each gradient color stop|
| EmptyAnimation  | Does nothing. Useful for adding delay |
| CombineAnimation  | Combine 2 or more animations to start simultaneously |



# FancyGradientViewDelegate
Provide an implementation of FancyGradientViewDelegate to inform you when animation finished.

```swift
fancyView.delegate = self
```

```swift
extension ViewController: FancyGradientViewDelegate {
    func animationDidFinished(animId: String) {
        print("Finished animation \(animId)")
        // Tip: here you can show other UI elements after fisnished animation.
    }
}
```


and then
```swift

let myCustomAnimation = CustomAnimation(animID: "myAnimationID")
            .then(EmptyAnimation(duration: 1)) // Delay 1 second
            .then(ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.blue, UIColor.cyan], duration: 3)) // Color animation after the delay
            .then(ColorAnimation(newColors: [UIColor.cyan, UIColor.blue], duration: 3)) // Another color animation after previous finished
            
fancyView.animate(animation: myCustomAnimation)
```
